{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red5\green0\blue112;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qj

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Tetra General Hardness Test Kit - T614
\b0 \
General Hardness (GH) is a measure of the total mineral content of the water (primarily calcium and magnesium). Mineral content is important for the overall health of the environment, and so should be checked from time to time. Soft water areas are more vulnerable to mineral depletion, and therefore GH is more critical in such situations. The only way to check the GH is with a TetraTest GH kit.\
\

\b API Copper Test Kit - API65L
\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj
\cf2 Copper, a common treatment for many parasitic infections, must be monitored in an aquarium or a pond. The copper level can drop too low for the treatment to be effective, or can increase to a point that is detrimental to fish health. Copper may even be present in your tap water. This kit allows you to easily and accurately monitor copper levels to maintain copper-based fish treatments at therapeutic levels.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\qj
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}Tests copper levels from 0 to 4 ppm \
{\listtext	\'95	}Measures both free and chelated copper \
{\listtext	\'95	}Performs 90 Tests \
{\listtext	\'95	}For use in Freshwater or Saltwater Aquariums or Ponds\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\qj
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qj

\b \cf2 API Phosphate Test Kit - API63L
\b0 \
Phosphate can enter your aquarium through tap water, fish waste, and decaying organics such as uneaten food and dead algae. Excess phosphate contributes to unsightly algae blooms. This kit tests phosphate levels from 0 to 10 ppm in fresh and saltwater aquariums.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qj

\b \cf2 API GH and KH Test Kit - API58
\b0 \
Tests tap water and freshwater aquariums for general hardness (GH) and carbonate hardness (KH). Helps detect stress on fish caused by rapid pH shifts, which result from low KH levels and helps aquarists duplicate the natural habitat of their fish. \
\

\b Fluval Edge Algae Clear Sachet - A1349
\b0 \
\
Fluval Edge algae clear sachet for use in the Fluval Edge aquariums. Helps control green water and unsightly algae. Includes 1x 2.5g sachet that treats 60ltrs (15gal.) renew every 6-8 weeks}